# Capstone-2
## Manifest API

### Overview
This project will make use of React for the frontend and Node/Express for the backend. This website will be a fullstack project with fairly equal emphasis on both ends of development. I hope to create a fast and reactive customer experience and a robust API on the backend for easy information access.

### API
The Manifest API will organize and present important information for the Manifest setting project, an ongoing creative project by the designer, Jared Glenn. Users will likely be fans of the project, creatives (artists, authors, and game designers) working on the project, and the designer himself to manage his notes for the setting.

At this time, the Manifest API will likely focus on the kinships of Manifest, along with information on their rough population numbers and locations, tribal and national histories and symbols, and their physical characteristics and statistics. In the future, information on magic, religion, and territories will likely also be added.

All of this data will be generated by the project designer.

### Site
The React site will contain this information on individual pages, like a wiki, but the main page will be more modular, user friendly, and visually appealing than most wikis. There will be pictures directing users to specific locations and categories, along with slide shows and on hover effects to direct traffic.

### Schema
I will have at least four main categories visible on the main site, though only one is likely to be functional on day one: kinships. That general kinship schema will be as follows:

{
    "name": "mugwump",
    "private": false,
    "plural": "mugwumps",
    "population": 820,000,
    "largest-pop-territory": "Steps",
    "groups": {
        *Connect to Groups Database*
    },
    "creation": -1000,
    "article": "Mugwumps are the oldest kinship on Destron ...",
    "article-id": 001,
    "image": img_url
}

A groups schema will contain information on tribes and nations:

{
    "name": "Mitipidi Tribe",
    "private": false,
    "location": "Emmissary Mountains",
    "article": "The Mitipidi tribe sits at a neutral position between the Nilch Li'eh tribes and the Idgoda tribes, neither useful to the Whistlers nor fighting against them."
}

A user schema:

{
    "username": "jaredglenn",
    "password": "--------------",
    "bio": "Creator of Manifest",
    "access": "admin",
    "comments": {
        *Connect to Comments Database*
    }
}

A comments schema:

{
    "page": (article-id) 001,
    "user" (username) "jaredglenn",
    "comment": "Hey! These guys are awesome!"
}

### User Flow

1. Main Page
* Kinships Link
* Magic Link
* Nations Link
* Religions Link
* Top Articles (Repeated Component)
2. Login Page
* Bio
* Comments
3. Article Page
* Name
* Picture
* Article